# TheGamingRoom
CS-230 assignment

The Gaming room at Creative technology solutions is seeking to create a game called "Draw It or Lose It" which is similar to the television game show "Win, Lose or Draw" where teams compete to guess something that is being drawn. The game will draw images from a large library of stock drawings and will consist of four rounds of play lasting one minute each. If a team is unable to guess the drawing before the time expires, the remaining teams have an opportunity to offer one guess each to solve the puzzle with a 15-second time limit. 
The client is looking to expand their application to multiple platforms and would like to also see about the feasibility of hosting this game as a mobile application.
While designing this documentation I paid particular attention to the strengths and weaknesses of each operating system and used multiple knowledge based articles to come to a conclusion to provide my recommendations.
While working through a design document I found it incredibly helpful to see what the bulk of the program consisted of to see what would work best for the intended output, using this imformation I was easily able to come up with a solution that would work for the client. Although most of the time clients will want things a certain way or would normally stick with industry standards in order to keep up with the market and best practices.
The one part of my document that I would absolutely revise would be the security portion. Vulnerabilities are being exposed every day. And the people behind exposing those vulnerablities are only getting smarter and doing it for malicious reasons. As this document ages and new patches and breakthroughs are being discovered you can only try to keep up with the latest security trends. My recommendations today could become obsolete tomorrow.
I put myself in the shoes of the user and am always asking the questions of how I can make things better. After all, it is my job to ensure I get repeat customers and to ensure my clients are happy. Feedback and updates at regular intervals during the creation of the project should be mandatory to ensure that we the software company produces a product that the clients are happy with.
Some things I would do to design software would be to come up with multiple ideas and techniques to solve a problem. I believe the brainstorming process should be the most important part of the process and from there you come up with many ideas and keep the ones that stick. This will ensure you have a larger pool to choose from.
